now a 3o deficit to the raging bulls and
at times it was ugly for magic fans
remember game to the defensive pressure
Chicago put on good defense again Jordan
steel mesmerizes con CAC and stinger
buries that jumper
well Shaq is saying where's my help from
my teammates now Dennis Scott comes up
with a big steal here but he puts it in
crews Vince
there's no crews in the playoff against
the Bulls Scottie Pippen slaps it
against the glass and Brian Hill totally
frustrated with the effort of his
ballclub now take a look at this Dennis
Scott known for shooting has an open
three pretty good look at this but it's
in and out he goes 1 for 9 from the
field for the game meanwhile Scottie
Pippen he was in a groove and after only
2 of 14 in the first two games for
3-point land he's actually looking for
the arc and hit three or four threes in
this one well you know they play great
defense two Bulls three guys on the all
defensive team but what about this guy
Luc Longley he's 270 pounds does a good
job of keeping Shaq out of his comfort
zone just forcing him a little further
than he wants to be and whenever Shaq's
in too deep they foul him and Shaq had a
horrendous day at the free-throw line he
was 1 for 9 from the line and any time
the magic tried to make a run Chicago
had the answer there's Scottie Pippen
with the up and under what a great day
he had with 2786 just 67 points for
Orlando on their home floor 3 nothing
Chicago Shaq and Penny a combined 16 of
43 shooting in that game and now this
mega series or what it was before it was
a 3 nothing deficit it can all end on
Memorial Day in Orlando and for more on
these days of desperation for the magic
here's our mark Morgan the Bulls defense
is becoming the overwhelming factor in
this series in game 3 Chicago totally
shut down Orlando holding the magic to
the second lowest point total in NBA
playoff history including just 10 points
in the fourth quarter cup of shots
tingle their way
a couple calls and go their way and you
know they kind of lost a rhythm I mean
half the studio and I don't think it's
because they don't want to or they don't
feel up to it I think this is a struggle
out there partly due to the Bulls
defense the magics outside shooting
touch has deserted them Dennis Scott
continues to have his problems he is 5
for 21 from the field in the series with
a 149 performance in game 3
maybe we're the team talked about it too
much and they made it back to us I don't
know at this point question after
struggling in the first two rounds of
the playoffs Scottie Pippen is hitting
his stride offensively Pippen was
instrumental in holding off a third
quarter magic surge he finished with a
game high 27 points I think I just got a
rhythm early and you know I feel like
that you know I I have a better matchup
where I can take advantage of it with
Dennis Scott Gordon and you know I felt
like in the past game I didn't really
try to take advantage of it but today
all things seem to stall a little bit
and I just tried to be a little bit more
aggressive it's tough enough to face the
Bulls with all your weapons but Orlando
is hurting and the injuries aren't
taking day
we found ways to win obviously up
against the Bulls the way they're
playing right now it's difficult not to
go out there with all your guys and you
know right now four of our top seven
guys are injured so it's gonna be
interesting but whoever we put on the
floor Monday and we'll be ready to play
the Bulls are still trying to prove
something in the wake of last year's
early exit from the playoffs a sweep of
the magic would certainly make a
statement it would also give Chicago
much-needed rest for the finals in
Orlando mark Morgan CNN sports all right
thank you Mark Bryan Shaw should play on
Monday had some neck spasms Anderson
wearing a soft cast on his right wrist
he is day-to-day it's bringing David
Dupree and David the magic team appear
to have its spirit broken by a Chicago
team just relentless defensively and
it's like penny said afterward it's hard
to come from behind against the Bulls
because they have guys step up and make
shots late and the magic really didn't
and also you're talking about Dennis
Rodman even making shots that's a real
bonus
and I think Dennis's play this series
has really been remarkable he's going to
offense the defense the rebounding and
before the knick series he had a talk
with Phil Jackson Phil said Dennis we've
got to have you are you gonna be here
Dennis I gave you my word I will not act
off he's been a perfect citizen and as a
result he's been the most dominant
person in this series no problems from
Dennis I think he is gonna be the one
who's gonna carry him now it looks like
he's playing for a new contract - even -
he'll get it - all right back on Monday
let's talk about some honors bestowed
upon Michael Jordan he won his fourth
league MVP and it was by a record margin
received 96.5% of the first-place votes
the most since the media began voting
for the award in 1981 his four MVPs now
time Wilt Chamberlain Bill Russell has
five Kareem abdul-jabbar six and
speaking of numbers Jordan and will look
like a calculated move told the Chicago
Tribune that as a free agent he'd accept
nothing less than 18 million a season
for two years to stay with the Bulls and
David Jordan's agent David Falk he did
some spin doctoring when he heard about
that 18 million dollar a year figure he
said hey no numbers have been talked
about but clearly though it seems mike
is putting his foot down and he wants
what he is